1. ANALYSIS:

The model continues to predict nearly all samples as negative, as indicated by the zero recall for 7 out of the 14 classes, which is a significant issue. This problem is likely due to the model's threshold being too high, causing it to classify most instances as negative. The model's AUC-ROC scores are generally acceptable, suggesting it can differentiate between classes, but the choice of threshold is leading to poor precision and recall.

Another contributing factor is the imbalance in the dataset, which is causing the model to lean towards predicting the majority class. The model's tendency to predict negative outcomes is likely due to the fact that the dataset contains a relatively low number of positive samples for several classes.

The model's performance has not substantially improved in comparison to previous iterations. The F1-score for this iteration is 0.0342, which is slightly higher than for iteration 24 (0.0327) and lower than iteration 23 (0.0283). This suggests the changes made in the current iteration have not effectively addressed the underlying issues.

2. SUGGESTED_CHANGES:

The model needs to be more sensitive to the minority class (positive samples). Class balancing techniques like oversampling, undersampling, or SMOTE can be used to address the class imbalance issue. 

However, the most impactful change at this stage would be to implement per-class threshold optimization. This would adjust the threshold for each class based on the metrics we are trying to optimize, such as F1-Score, which should significantly improve the model's performance given the imbalanced nature of the data.

Here is the JSON configuration change:

```json
{
  "evaluation": {
    "threshold_optimization": "per_class_f1_score"
  },
  "reasoning": "The model is currently predicting almost all samples as negative, which is likely due to the incorrect threshold of 0.5. Changing the threshold optimization to per_class_f1_score should improve the balance between recall and precision, especially given the imbalanced nature of the dataset."
}
```

For future iterations, we may also want to look into adjusting the parameters of the Focal Loss function to better handle the class imbalance. We should also consider whether additional data augmentation or more dropout could help to reduce overfitting.