1. ANALYSIS:
The model's recall is relatively low at 0.4208, which means the model is missing a large number of positive samples - this is likely why it seems the model is predicting almost all samples as negative. Despite this, the model's AUC is relatively high at 0.7742, meaning it is good at ranking positive samples higher than negative ones, but it struggles to correctly classify them.

Compared to the baseline, the model is showing improvement in F1-score for 10 out of 14 classes, indicating that the model is improving in its ability to balance precision and recall. However, the recall is better for only 2 out of 14 classes, which might be why the model appears to be predicting a large number of negatives.

It's also worth noting the overfitting detected in training - the final validation loss is 212.8% higher than the training loss. This suggests the model is fitting the training data too closely and is not generalizing well to unseen data.

Comparing this iteration to previous ones, the F1-score has seen slight improvement from iteration 49 (0.2746 to 0.2718). However, the recall has improved significantly from 0.3701 to 0.5233, which is a positive trend.

2. SUGGESTED_CHANGES:
The model is currently using FocalLoss with gamma set to 3.0 and use_class_weights set to true. Given the imbalance in the classes, it might be beneficial to try a different loss function or adjust the parameters of the current one.
We can also try to address the overfitting by adding regularization such as weight decay in the optimizer or increasing the dropout rate. 

Here is a JSON object with specific configuration changes:
```json
{
  "model": {
    "dropout_rate": 0.5
  },
  "training": {
    "optimizer": {
      "weight_decay": 0.01
    }
  },
  "loss": {
    "gamma": 2.0
  },
  "reasoning": "The model is currently overfitting, increasing the dropout rate and adding weight decay can help regularize the model and improve its generalization to unseen data. Reducing the gamma parameter in the FocalLoss may decrease the focus on hard examples and improve the model's sensitivity to positive classes."
}
```

In terms of new approaches, one could consider using ensemble techniques, such as bagging or boosting, to improve the model's performance. These techniques combine the predictions of multiple models to make a final prediction, which can often improve performance and robustness.