1. ANALYSIS:

The model's F1-score, recall, and precision are currently low, which indicates that the model is predicting almost all samples as negative. This behavior is likely due to the class imbalance present in the dataset, where some classes have less than 1% positive samples. The model, trying to minimize the loss, learns to predict the majority class, leading to a high number of false negatives and a low recall. 

The model's AUC, however, is decent, showing that the model can rank positive samples higher than negative ones. However, the threshold set for classifying a sample as positive or negative may be inappropriate for the imbalanced data, leading to the model's poor performance on metrics like F1-score, recall, and precision.

Comparing the current iteration with previous iterations, it seems that the F1-score has been low throughout. However, the F1-score has slightly improved in the current iteration compared to the previous one. This indicates that the changes made in the current iteration, such as using SMOTE for data balancing, are moving in the right direction.

2. SUGGESTED CHANGES:

The suggested change for the next iteration is to enable automatic threshold optimization based on per-class F1-score. This would allow the model to adjust the threshold for each class independently, thereby improving the model's performance on the imbalanced data.

```json
{
  "evaluation": {
    "threshold_optimization": "per_class_f1_score"
  },
  "reasoning": "The model is currently predicting almost all samples as negative, likely due to the fixed threshold of 0.5 being inappropriate for the imbalanced data. By enabling per-class threshold optimization based on F1-score, we can improve the model's sensitivity to positive samples, thereby improving the recall and F1-score while maintaining a decent AUC."
}
```

Future iterations might consider tuning the parameters of the FocalLoss function, such as increasing the gamma parameter to focus more on hard examples and adjusting the alpha parameter to manage the class imbalance. Furthermore, if overfitting continues to be an issue, strategies such as increasing the dropout rate or adding weight decay to the optimizer could be considered.