ANALYSIS:

The model is currently predicting almost all samples as negative, which is a critical issue. This is likely due to the high imbalance of the dataset, with some classes having less than 1% positive samples. The threshold of 0.5 is not suitable for this imbalanced dataset, as it causes a bias towards predicting negative samples. This is reflected in the very low recall, precision, and F1-score values, despite the AUC being relatively decent. 

The model's loss function might not be handling the class imbalance effectively. The current configuration uses FocalLoss with gamma=3.0 and alpha=0.7, but these parameters might need further tuning. The value of gamma (3.0) may be too high, causing the model to focus too much on hard examples and ignore easy ones, which can lead to poor performance on the majority class. Similarly, the value of alpha (0.7) might be too high, causing the model to be biased towards the minority class.

The model also appears to be overfitting, as evidenced by the significantly higher validation loss compared to the training loss. This suggests that the model is memorizing the training data instead of learning the underlying patterns, making it perform poorly on unseen data. The learning rate might also be too low (1e-05), causing slow convergence and potentially leading to suboptimal solutions.

Comparing the current iteration with previous ones, it seems that the F1-score has been consistently low across all iterations, with the highest value being 0.1076 in iteration 4. The AUC, recall, and precision have also been relatively low, indicating that the model's performance has not improved significantly over time.

SUGGESTED_CHANGES:

Based on the above analysis, I suggest the following configuration changes:

```json
{
  "model": {
    "dropout_rate": 0.5
  },
  "training": {
    "learning_rate": 0.0001,
    "num_epochs": 120
  },
  "loss": {
    "gamma": 2.0,
    "alpha": 0.8,
    "use_class_weights": true
  },
  "evaluation": {
    "threshold": "auto",
    "threshold_optimization_metric": "f1_score"
  },
  "reasoning": "Increasing the dropout rate to 0.5 can help regularize the model and reduce overfitting. Increasing the learning rate to 0.0001 can speed up convergence. Increasing the number of epochs to 120 can provide more opportunity for the model to learn from the imbalanced data. Reducing gamma to 2.0 can lessen the focus on hard, misclassified examples and could improve the model's performance on the majority class. Increasing alpha to 0.8 can give more weight to the minority class, potentially improving recall. Implementing auto threshold optimization based on F1 should improve recall/precision balance and address the issue of the model predicting almost all samples as negative."
}
```

These changes focus on addressing the model's tendency to predict almost all samples as negative, improving recall while maintaining good AUC, and reducing overfitting. These changes are distinct from those made in previous iterations and are expected to improve the model's performance.